TRAINER TEMPLATE based on eat - exylum's application template

   Seems complicated at start but really isn't if You just want to remake it to
Your liking. If so just read point 1, or if You want to know more read 2 also.

----
TOC:
----
1. Basic stuff
 1.1 How do I compile this?
 1.2 Do I have to go through the entire code?
 1.3 How do i kill this damn music?
 1.4 Suggestion
 
2. Advanced stuff
 2.1 What are the rest of the files for?
 2.2 Making a smaller exe.
 2.3 Interresting bits in this example.
 
3. Contact info
 
 

1.1 How do I compile this?
   Without going into much technical detail install dev-cpp (to c:\dev-cpp) and
   run the make.bat file.
   
1.2 Do I have to go through the entire code?
   No You don't. All You need to look at are the following files:
 - application.h - the "train" function.
   That's where the program is checking which key's been pressed. Insert the
   code of Your trainer here. An example of writing some bytes to memory has
   also been provided.
 - main.h - some variables.
   You change stuff between "change this for Your trainer" and "end of things
   You need to change". The size of main window, and the info window (should be
   the same as the size of bitmaps You want to put in the background). How much
   should the info window should be moved in relation to main window (try to
   move the main window and look like the info window is following it). The last
   one is the name of the game window You want to train.
 - main.cpp - creation of windows, buttons etc.
   You change stuff between "controls being created here" and "finished creating
   controls". Basicly these are all the windows, buttons and listbox for the
   nfo. Should be pretty easy to understand what's what.
 - res.rc - (in eat folder) resources.
   Here are all the resources i used for this application. Feel free to 
   add/remove to suit Your trainer.

1.3 How do i kill this damn music?
   :) in the main.cpp file comment music_on (not the "#define" one, later in
   code). You
   
1.4 Suggestion
   I agree that there's a lot to take in at once but consider this: You have an
   application running out of the box. Just change little things and see what
   effect they have on the program. After a while You'll get familiar with it.
   
   

2.1 What are the rest of the files for?
   Basicly this whole trainer template is based on the application template
   which was build by superclassing the windows' controlls. The files in eat
   folder do just that, superclass windows, buttons, edits etc. They add
   bitmaps, transparency, colors and such. For more detail go to the eat folder
   and run the help.txt file.
    
2.2 Making the exe smaller.
   As You can see there are a lot of things that aren't necessary most of the
   time like file editing, http support, zlib, string routines, xm support and
   more. If You want to make the exe smaller You can remove all that. I'll also
   mention that the exe is already "stripped" and "upx'ed" right after
   compilation.
   
2.3 Interrresting bits in this example.
   - main.cpp
    * followme function moves the second window based on the movement of the
      first
    * what_to_do function covers two things: escape key handling and scrolling
      of the nfobox in second window
   - application.cpp
    * train function finds the game based on its window name, gives us debug
      privilages and then checks if any of the listed buttons has been pressed
      


3. Contact info.
   If You have any questions about this app mail me at:
   exylum@gmail.com
